Move `UserWarning` regarding `shots=None` to preprocess (#650)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit: CHANGELOG.md

* Remove support for Python 3.10 and add support for Python 3.13.
  [(#646)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit/pull/646)

* `QiskitDevice` no longer warns or changes `shots=None` at initialization.
  Instead, the `analytic_warning` transform issues a warning only at execution time,

>   and leaves `shots=None` unchanged so the Qiskit backend can default to 1024 shots.

Author: good idea!!!

### Internal changes ⚙️

> * `QiskitDevice` does not error out `None` shots at initialization any more.

Reviewer: It never errored out, it just issued a warning and set device shots to 1024.

```suggestion
* `QiskitDevice` does not issue a warning when device shots are `None` shots at initialization any more.
```

> * `QiskitDevice` does not issue a warning when device shots are `None` shots at initialization any more.
>   Instead, a `no_analytic` preprocess transform is applied.
>   [(#650)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit/pull/650)

Reviewer: I'm sure Isaac will have thoughts on the exact messaging, but I would think this should also be under `Breaking changes`, and should tell people how to fix their problem using the new and approved `set_shots` method. Something like:

```suggestion
* `QiskitDevice` does not issue a warning when device shots are `None` shots at initialization any more.
  Instead, a `no_analytic` preprocess transform is applied. This means an 
  error will now be raised if shots are not specified. Please use... 
  
[[ insert example with `set shots` here ]]
 
 on all `qnodes` that will be executed on the `QiskitDevice`.
  [(#650)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-qiskit/pull/650)
```
